gh-137818: Add multiple `if` statements example for list comprehensions (#138217)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/datastructures.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list comprehension consists of brackets containing an expression followed
by a :keyword:`!for` clause, which may be followed by zero or more :keyword:`!for` or :keyword:`!if`
clauses.  The result will be a new list resulting from evaluating the expression
in the context of the :keyword:`!for` and :keyword:`!if` clauses which follow it.
For example, this listcomp combines the elements of two lists if they are not
equal::
```

Reviewer: I would make this change as I think the current wording created the initial confusion in the issue.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for your help. My English is not very good, please forgive me.

Note how the order of the :keyword:`for` and :keyword:`if` statements is the
same in both these snippets.

> For multiple :keyword:`!if` statements, like this::

Reviewer 3: Those aren't `if` statements but `if` clauses.

   >>> [x for x in range(10) if x % 2 if x % 3]
   [1, 5, 7]

This example is equivalent to::

   >>> [x for x in range(10) if x % 2 and x % 3]
   [1, 5, 7]

> Note the second :keyword:`!if` is replaced by :keyword:`!and`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note that the second :keyword:`!if` has been replaced with :keyword:`!and`.
```

Reviewer 5: Adding 'that' would be correct if we add the note and patch, but I am considering whether to do so.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking at another example::

   >>> [x for x in range(10) if x % 2 if x % 3]
   [1, 5, 7]

This example is equivalent to::

   >>> result = []
   >>> for x in range(10):
   ...     if x % 2:
   ...         if x % 3:
   ...             result.append(x)
   ...
   >>> result
   [1, 5, 7]

This example could be further simplified by combining the two :keyword:if statements::

   >>> result = []
   >>> for x in range(10):
   ...     if x % 2 and if x % 3:
   ...         result.append(x)
   ...
   >>> result
   [1, 5, 7]

```

Reviewer: Since this is a tutorial, I would be explicit. I am also fine with closing the original issue and PR if preferred.

Reviewer 6: Adding more similar examples to the manual reduces the likelihood that they will be read.
